
The CVE-ID is CVE-2023-46121. The CWE-ID is CWE-444.
CVE description:
[{'lang': 'en', 'value': "yt-dlp is a youtube-dl fork with additional features and fixes. The Generic Extractor in yt-dlp is vulnerable to an attacker setting an arbitrary proxy for a request to an arbitrary url, allowing the attacker to MITM the request made from yt-dlp's HTTP session. This could lead to cookie exfiltration in some cases. Version 2023.11.14 removed the ability to smuggle `http_headers` to the Generic extractor, as well as other extractors that use the same pattern. Users are advised to upgrade. Users unable to upgrade should disable the Ggneric extractor (or only pass trusted sites with trusted content) and ake caution when using `--no-check-certificate`."}]

CWE description:
The product acts as an intermediary HTTP agent
         (such as a proxy or firewall) in the data flow between two
         entities such as a client and server, but it does not
         interpret malformed HTTP requests or responses in ways that
         are consistent with how the messages will be processed by
         those entities that are at the ultimate destination.

Extended description:

	   HTTP requests or responses ("messages") can be
	   malformed or unexpected in ways that cause web servers or
	   clients to interpret the messages in different ways than
	   intermediary HTTP agents such as load balancers, reverse
	   proxies, web caching proxies, application firewalls,
	   etc. For example, an adversary may be able to add duplicate
	   or different header fields that a client or server might
	   interpret as one set of messages, whereas the intermediary
	   might interpret the same sequence of bytes as a different
	   set of messages. For example, discrepancies can arise in
	   how to handle duplicate headers like two Transfer-encoding
	   (TE) or two Content-length (CL), or the malicious HTTP
	   message will have different headers for TE and
	   CL.
	   The inconsistent parsing and interpretation of messages
	   can allow the adversary to "smuggle" a message to the
	   client/server without the intermediary being aware of it.
	   This weakness is usually the result of the usage
	   of outdated or incompatible HTTP protocol versions in the
	   HTTP agents.
         
         
